this vast herd of Sentra Soros are on
the move from their nesting sites on
coastal lowlands to the East unwittingly
they're moving towards almost certain
death
seasonal monsoons drives the Sentra
sores
inland away from coastal flooding
[Music]
it's what the Daspletosaurus have been
waiting for
[Music]
herding behavior protects the many
but at the expense of the field
[Music]
and things are about to get worse for
the centrosomes
[Music]
with a flooded river ahead and the
Daspletosaurus behind the stage is now
set for a massacre
[Music]
I've despite the rich pickings it's not
the Daspletosaurus that are responsible
for the scale of the slaughter
[Music]
there's an even more deadly killer at
work here
[Music]
severe monsoon rains have transformed
shallow rivers into lethal torrents
[Music]
the real killer is the weather itself
you